templates/content/call-for-papers-author-info.md, before:

The Conference on Health, Inference, and Learning (CHIL) solicits work across a variety of disciplines, including machine learning, statistics, epidemiology, health policy, operations, and economics. CHIL 2022 invites submissions on all topics at the intersection of machine learning and health. Specifically, authors are invited to submit 8-10 page papers (with unlimited pages for references) to any of the tracks described below.

To ensure that all submissions to CHIL are reviewed by a knowledgeable and appropriate set of reviewers, the conference is divided into tracks and topic areas. Authors will select exactly one primary track when making a submission, in addition to one or more topic areas.

Track Chairs will oversee the reviewing process. In case you are not sure which track your submission fits under, feel free to contact [info@chilconference.org](mailto:info@chilconference.org) for clarification. The Proceedings Chairs reserve the right to move submissions between tracks and/or topic areas if they believe that a submission has been misclassified.

<center><a class="btn-primary btn-lg" role="button" aria-pressed="true" href="https://openreview.net/group?id=chilconference.org/CHIL/2022/Conference" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Submit your paper</a></center>

## Important Dates
- Submissions Due – January 14, 2022 (11:59 pm AoE)
- Author Notification - February 25, 2022
- Conference Date – April 7-8, 2022

## Submission Tracks
As with previous years, CHIL 2022 will feature three submission tracks:

- Track 1: Models and Methods
- Track 2: Applications and Practice
- Track 3: Policy: Impact and Society

For mode detail on the scope of each track, including examples of papers that would be suitable for each track, please refer to the track descriptions available at the top of this page.


<!-- ### Sub-Disciplines
These are called topics in the submission form. Authors should select one or more discipline(s) in machine learning for health (ML4H) from the following list when submitting their paper: benchmark datasets, distribution shift, transfer learning, population health, social networks, scalable ML4H systems, natural language processing (NLP), computer vision, time series, bias/fairness, causality, *-omics, wearable-data, etc. Peer reviewers are assigned according to expertise in the sub-discipline(s) selected, so please choose your relevant topics carefully. -->

## Submission Instructions
Submissions are due on **January 14 (11:59 pm AoE)** in the form of anonymized PDF files. As part of the submission, authors will be required to specify additional metadata about their paper, including the submission track and topic areas. They will also be required to confirm that they have included **required sections** in their work. At least one author of each accepted paper is required to register for, attend, and present the work at the conference in order for the paper to appear in the conference proceedings.

Submissions should be made via the online submission system: [https://openreview.net/group?id=chilconference.org/CHIL/2022/Conference](https://openreview.net/group?id=chilconference.org/CHIL/2022/Conference).

**Length and Formatting** <br />
Submitted papers must be 8-10 pages (including all figures and tables), plus unlimited pages for references. Additional supplementary materials (e.g., appendices) are welcomed alongside the main manuscript. Reviewers will not be required to read the supplementary materials. 

Authors are required to use the LaTeX template: [Overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/chil-2022-template/jsypybzpbbdd) or [Download](https://chilconference.org/chil-template-2022.zip).

**Archival Submissions** <br />
As with prior years, submissions to the conference will be considered for both:

- <u>Accepted for archival proceedings and presentation.</u> Submissions of this type are considered archival and will appear in the conference’s published proceedings, which will be made openly available in the [Proceedings of Machine Learning Research (PMLR)](https://proceedings.mlr.press/).
- <u>Invited for non-archival presentation.</u> Submissions of this type are considered non-archival and will not appear in the conference’s published proceedings, but they will be invited to present during the conference (e.g. in a poster session).


**Required Sections** <br />
This year, two sections will be required: 1) Data and Code Availability, and 2) Institutional Review Board (IRB).

<u>Data and Code Availability</u>: This initial paragraph is **required**. Briefly state what data you use (including citations if appropriate) and whether the data are available to other researchers. If you are not sharing code, you must explicitly state that you are not making your code available. If you are making your code available, then at the time of submission for review, please include your code as supplemental material or as a code repository link; in either case, your code must be anonymized. If your paper is accepted, then you should de-anonymize your code for the camera-ready version of the paper. If you do not include this data and code availability statement for your paper, or you provide code that is not anonymized at the time of submission, then your paper will be desk-rejected. Your experiments later could refer to this initial data and code availability statement if it is helpful (e.g., to avoid restating what data you use).

<u>Institutional Review Board (IRB)</u>: This endmatter section is **required**. If your research requires IRB approval or has been designated by your IRB as Not Human Subject Research, then for the cameraready version of the paper, you must provide IRB information (and at the time of submission for review, you can say that this IRB information will be provided if the paper is accepted). If your research does not require IRB approval, then you must state this to be the case. This section does not count toward the paper page limit.

**Topic Areas** <br />
In addition to specifying a Track, authors should specify one or more topics for their work. In general, topics can be considered independent of Track and may be used to help identify appropriate reviewers. 

- Active Learning / Continuous Learning Systems
- Adversarial Robustness
- Algorithmic Fairness / Bias
- Bayesian Learning
- Causal Inference
- Claims Data
- Dataset Release and/or Characterization
- Deployment
- Economics
- Electronic Health Records
- Federated Learning
- Few / Zero Shot Learning
- Generative Models / GANs
- HCI / Data Visualization
- Interpretability
- Medical Image Analysis / Computer Vision
- Mobile Health
- Natural Language Processing
- Networks & Graphs
- Omics
- Open Software
- Patient Generated Health Data
- Population Health / Public Health
- Pretraining / Transfer Learning
- Privacy / Security
- Reinforcement Learning
- Representation Learning
- Reproducibility
- Scalability
- Semisupervised Learning / Distant Supervision
- Signal Processing / Time Series
- Social Determinants of Health
- Spatiotemporal Data
- Survival Analysis
- Uncertainty / Distribution Shift
- Unsupervised Learning

If you feel that none of the topic areas above apply to your work, please let us know: [info@chilconference.org](mailto:info@chilconference.org).

### Dual Submission Policy
You may not submit papers that are identical, or substantially similar to versions that are currently under review at another conference or journal, have been previously published, or have been accepted for publication. Submissions to the main conference are considered archival and will appear in the published proceedings of the conference if accepted.
An exception to this rule is extensions of workshop papers that have previously appeared in non-archival venues, such as workshops, arXiv, or similar without formal proceedings. These works may be submitted as-is or in an extended form. CHIL also welcomes full paper submissions that extend previously published short papers or abstracts, so long as the previously published version does not exceed 4 pages in length. Note that the submission should not cite the workshop/report and preserve anonymity in the submitted manuscript.


## Peer Review
The review process is mutually anonymous. Please submit completely anonymized drafts. Please do not include any identifying information, and refrain from citing the authors’ own prior work in anything other than third-person. Violations to this policy may result in rejection without review.
Conference organizers and reviewers are required to maintain confidentiality of submitted material. Upon acceptance, the titles, authorship, and abstracts of papers will be released prior to the conference.

### Evaluation
Works submitted to CHIL will be reviewed by at least 3 reviewers. Reviewers will be asked to primarily judge the work according to the following criteria:

**Relevance**: All submissions to CHIL are expected to be relevant to health. Concretely, this means that the problem is well-placed into the relevant themes for the conference. Reviewers will be able to recommend that submissions change tracks or flag submissions that are not suitable for the venue as a whole.

**Quality**: Is the submission technically sound? Are claims well supported by theoretical analysis or experimental results? Is this a complete piece of work or work in progress? Are the authors careful and honest about evaluating both the strengths and weaknesses of their work?

**Originality**: Are the tasks or methods new? Is the work a novel combination of well-known techniques? Is it clear how this work differs from previous contributions? Is related work adequately cited? 

**Clarity**: Is the submission clearly written? Is it well organized? (If not, please make constructive suggestions for improving its clarity.) Does it adequately inform the reader? (Note: a superbly written paper provides enough information for an expert reader to reproduce its results.)

**Significance**: Are the results important? Are others (researchers or practitioners) likely to use the ideas or build on them? Does the submission address a difficult task in a better way than previous work? Does it advance the state of the art in a demonstrable way? Does it provide unique data, unique conclusions about existing data, or a unique theoretical or experimental approach?

Final decisions will be made in accordance with the reviewer’s overall judgement, along with their subjective ratings of confidence/expertise, and according to our own editorial judgement. 


<!-- ### Camera Ready
For accepted papers, authors will need to provide the following camera-ready materials by March 5:

- Metadata for the eRights system
- Submit forms for approval
- Final versions of papers
- Dual Submission Policy

You may not submit papers that are identical, or substantially similar to versions that are currently under review at another conference or journal, have been previously published, or have been accepted for publication. Submissions to the main conference are considered archival and will appear in the published proceedings of the conference if accepted.

An exception to this rule is extensions of workshop papers that have previously appeared in non-archival venues, such as workshops, arXiv, or similar without formal proceedings. These works may be submitted as-is or in an extended form. CHIL also welcomes full paper submission that extend previously published short papers or abstracts, so long as the previously published version does not exceed 4 pages in length. Note that the submission should not cite the workshop/report and preserve anonymity in the submitted manuscript. -->

## Open Access
CHIL is committed to open science and ensuring our proceedings are freely available. This year we will be moving to publish our proceedings in the [Proceedings of Machine Learning Research (PMLR)](https://proceedings.mlr.press/), ensuring that accepted works are openly available to the community.

<!-- ### Ethics Guidelines
ACM CHIL abides by ethics guidelines provided here: [ACM Ethics guidelines](https://ethics.acm.org/). -->

## Contact Us
Please direct questions to [info@chilconference.org](mailto:info@chilconference.org) and follow us on Twitter [@chilconference](https://twitter.com/CHILconference).

Commit message:

New effective submission deadline Jan 18

templates/content/call-for-papers-author-info.md, after:

The Conference on Health, Inference, and Learning (CHIL) solicits work across a variety of disciplines, including machine learning, statistics, epidemiology, health policy, operations, and economics. CHIL 2022 invites submissions on all topics at the intersection of machine learning and health. Specifically, authors are invited to submit 8-10 page papers (with unlimited pages for references) to any of the tracks described below.

To ensure that all submissions to CHIL are reviewed by a knowledgeable and appropriate set of reviewers, the conference is divided into tracks and topic areas. Authors will select exactly one primary track when making a submission, in addition to one or more topic areas.

Track Chairs will oversee the reviewing process. In case you are not sure which track your submission fits under, feel free to contact [info@chilconference.org](mailto:info@chilconference.org) for clarification. The Proceedings Chairs reserve the right to move submissions between tracks and/or topic areas if they believe that a submission has been misclassified.

<center><a class="btn-primary btn-lg" role="button" aria-pressed="true" href="https://openreview.net/group?id=chilconference.org/CHIL/2022/Conference" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Submit your paper</a></center>

## Important Dates
- Submissions Due – January 14, 2022 (11:59 pm AoE)
- Author Notification - February 25, 2022
- Conference Date – April 7-8, 2022

**NOTE**: The submission portal will remain open until **January 18, 2022 (11:59 pm AoE)** for those who would like to make revisions to their submitted work.

## Submission Tracks
As with previous years, CHIL 2022 will feature three submission tracks:

- Track 1: Models and Methods
- Track 2: Applications and Practice
- Track 3: Policy: Impact and Society

For mode detail on the scope of each track, including examples of papers that would be suitable for each track, please refer to the track descriptions available at the top of this page.


<!-- ### Sub-Disciplines
These are called topics in the submission form. Authors should select one or more discipline(s) in machine learning for health (ML4H) from the following list when submitting their paper: benchmark datasets, distribution shift, transfer learning, population health, social networks, scalable ML4H systems, natural language processing (NLP), computer vision, time series, bias/fairness, causality, *-omics, wearable-data, etc. Peer reviewers are assigned according to expertise in the sub-discipline(s) selected, so please choose your relevant topics carefully. -->

## Submission Instructions
Submissions are due on **January 14 (11:59 pm AoE)** in the form of anonymized PDF files. As part of the submission, authors will be required to specify additional metadata about their paper, including the submission track and topic areas. They will also be required to confirm that they have included **required sections** in their work. At least one author of each accepted paper is required to register for, attend, and present the work at the conference in order for the paper to appear in the conference proceedings.

Submissions should be made via the online submission system: [https://openreview.net/group?id=chilconference.org/CHIL/2022/Conference](https://openreview.net/group?id=chilconference.org/CHIL/2022/Conference).

**Length and Formatting** <br />
Submitted papers must be 8-10 pages (including all figures and tables), plus unlimited pages for references. Additional supplementary materials (e.g., appendices) are welcomed alongside the main manuscript. Reviewers will not be required to read the supplementary materials. 

Authors are required to use the LaTeX template: [Overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/chil-2022-template/jsypybzpbbdd) or [Download](https://chilconference.org/chil-template-2022.zip).

**Archival Submissions** <br />
As with prior years, submissions to the conference will be considered for both:

- <u>Accepted for archival proceedings and presentation.</u> Submissions of this type are considered archival and will appear in the conference’s published proceedings, which will be made openly available in the [Proceedings of Machine Learning Research (PMLR)](https://proceedings.mlr.press/).
- <u>Invited for non-archival presentation.</u> Submissions of this type are considered non-archival and will not appear in the conference’s published proceedings, but they will be invited to present during the conference (e.g. in a poster session).


**Required Sections** <br />
This year, two sections will be required: 1) Data and Code Availability, and 2) Institutional Review Board (IRB).

<u>Data and Code Availability</u>: This initial paragraph is **required**. Briefly state what data you use (including citations if appropriate) and whether the data are available to other researchers. If you are not sharing code, you must explicitly state that you are not making your code available. If you are making your code available, then at the time of submission for review, please include your code as supplemental material or as a code repository link; in either case, your code must be anonymized. If your paper is accepted, then you should de-anonymize your code for the camera-ready version of the paper. If you do not include this data and code availability statement for your paper, or you provide code that is not anonymized at the time of submission, then your paper will be desk-rejected. Your experiments later could refer to this initial data and code availability statement if it is helpful (e.g., to avoid restating what data you use).

<u>Institutional Review Board (IRB)</u>: This endmatter section is **required**. If your research requires IRB approval or has been designated by your IRB as Not Human Subject Research, then for the cameraready version of the paper, you must provide IRB information (and at the time of submission for review, you can say that this IRB information will be provided if the paper is accepted). If your research does not require IRB approval, then you must state this to be the case. This section does not count toward the paper page limit.

**Topic Areas** <br />
In addition to specifying a Track, authors should specify one or more topics for their work. In general, topics can be considered independent of Track and may be used to help identify appropriate reviewers. 

- Active Learning / Continuous Learning Systems
- Adversarial Robustness
- Algorithmic Fairness / Bias
- Bayesian Learning
- Causal Inference
- Claims Data
- Dataset Release and/or Characterization
- Deployment
- Economics
- Electronic Health Records
- Federated Learning
- Few / Zero Shot Learning
- Generative Models / GANs
- HCI / Data Visualization
- Interpretability
- Medical Image Analysis / Computer Vision
- Mobile Health
- Natural Language Processing
- Networks & Graphs
- Omics
- Open Software
- Patient Generated Health Data
- Population Health / Public Health
- Pretraining / Transfer Learning
- Privacy / Security
- Reinforcement Learning
- Representation Learning
- Reproducibility
- Scalability
- Semisupervised Learning / Distant Supervision
- Signal Processing / Time Series
- Social Determinants of Health
- Spatiotemporal Data
- Survival Analysis
- Uncertainty / Distribution Shift
- Unsupervised Learning

If you feel that none of the topic areas above apply to your work, please let us know: [info@chilconference.org](mailto:info@chilconference.org).

### Dual Submission Policy
You may not submit papers that are identical, or substantially similar to versions that are currently under review at another conference or journal, have been previously published, or have been accepted for publication. Submissions to the main conference are considered archival and will appear in the published proceedings of the conference if accepted.
An exception to this rule is extensions of workshop papers that have previously appeared in non-archival venues, such as workshops, arXiv, or similar without formal proceedings. These works may be submitted as-is or in an extended form. CHIL also welcomes full paper submissions that extend previously published short papers or abstracts, so long as the previously published version does not exceed 4 pages in length. Note that the submission should not cite the workshop/report and preserve anonymity in the submitted manuscript.


## Peer Review
The review process is mutually anonymous. Please submit completely anonymized drafts. Please do not include any identifying information, and refrain from citing the authors’ own prior work in anything other than third-person. Violations to this policy may result in rejection without review.
Conference organizers and reviewers are required to maintain confidentiality of submitted material. Upon acceptance, the titles, authorship, and abstracts of papers will be released prior to the conference.

### Evaluation
Works submitted to CHIL will be reviewed by at least 3 reviewers. Reviewers will be asked to primarily judge the work according to the following criteria:

**Relevance**: All submissions to CHIL are expected to be relevant to health. Concretely, this means that the problem is well-placed into the relevant themes for the conference. Reviewers will be able to recommend that submissions change tracks or flag submissions that are not suitable for the venue as a whole.

**Quality**: Is the submission technically sound? Are claims well supported by theoretical analysis or experimental results? Is this a complete piece of work or work in progress? Are the authors careful and honest about evaluating both the strengths and weaknesses of their work?

**Originality**: Are the tasks or methods new? Is the work a novel combination of well-known techniques? Is it clear how this work differs from previous contributions? Is related work adequately cited? 

**Clarity**: Is the submission clearly written? Is it well organized? (If not, please make constructive suggestions for improving its clarity.) Does it adequately inform the reader? (Note: a superbly written paper provides enough information for an expert reader to reproduce its results.)

**Significance**: Are the results important? Are others (researchers or practitioners) likely to use the ideas or build on them? Does the submission address a difficult task in a better way than previous work? Does it advance the state of the art in a demonstrable way? Does it provide unique data, unique conclusions about existing data, or a unique theoretical or experimental approach?

Final decisions will be made in accordance with the reviewer’s overall judgement, along with their subjective ratings of confidence/expertise, and according to our own editorial judgement. 


<!-- ### Camera Ready
For accepted papers, authors will need to provide the following camera-ready materials by March 5:

- Metadata for the eRights system
- Submit forms for approval
- Final versions of papers
- Dual Submission Policy

You may not submit papers that are identical, or substantially similar to versions that are currently under review at another conference or journal, have been previously published, or have been accepted for publication. Submissions to the main conference are considered archival and will appear in the published proceedings of the conference if accepted.

An exception to this rule is extensions of workshop papers that have previously appeared in non-archival venues, such as workshops, arXiv, or similar without formal proceedings. These works may be submitted as-is or in an extended form. CHIL also welcomes full paper submission that extend previously published short papers or abstracts, so long as the previously published version does not exceed 4 pages in length. Note that the submission should not cite the workshop/report and preserve anonymity in the submitted manuscript. -->

## Open Access
CHIL is committed to open science and ensuring our proceedings are freely available. This year we will be moving to publish our proceedings in the [Proceedings of Machine Learning Research (PMLR)](https://proceedings.mlr.press/), ensuring that accepted works are openly available to the community.

<!-- ### Ethics Guidelines
ACM CHIL abides by ethics guidelines provided here: [ACM Ethics guidelines](https://ethics.acm.org/). -->

## Contact Us
Please direct questions to [info@chilconference.org](mailto:info@chilconference.org) and follow us on Twitter [@chilconference](https://twitter.com/CHILconference).
