templates/content/call-for-papers-reviewer.md, before:

## <center> Reviewing for CHIL

Reviewing is a critical service in any research community, and we highly respect the expertise and contributions of our reviewers. Every submission deserves thoughtful, constructive feedback that:

1. Selects quality work to be highlighted at CHIL; and
2. Helps authors improve their work, either for CHIL or a future venue.

To deliver high-quality reviews, you are expected to participate in four phases of review: [Bidding](#bidding); [Assignment](#assignment); [Review](#reviewing); [Discussion](#discussion). This guide is here to help you through each of these steps. Your insights and feedback make a big difference in our community and in the field of healthcare and machine learning.

### Timeline

To deliver high-quality reviews, you are expected to participate in the four phases of review:

1. Bidding
	- Skim abstracts
	- Suggest >10 submissions that you feel qualified to review
	- Time commitment: ~1 hour
2. Assignment
	- Skim your assigned papers and immediately report:
		- Major formatting issues
		- Anonymity or Conflict of Interest issues
		- Papers that you are not comfortable reviewing
	- Workload: 2-5 papers per reviewer
	- Time commitment: ~10 minutes per paper
3. Review
	- Deliver a thoughtful, timely review for each assigned paper
	- Workload: 2-5 papers per reviewer
	- Time commitment: ~2-5 hours per paper
4. Discussion
	- Provide comments that respond to author feedback, other reviewers, and chairs
	- Workload: 2-5 papers per reviewer
	- Time commitment: ~1-2 hours per paper

### <a name="bidding"></a>Bidding

After the submission deadline, you will be invited to "bid" for your preferred papers in OpenReview, based on titles and abstracts. Bidding instructions will be provided via email. Please bid promptly and generously!

### <a name="assignment"></a>Assignment

After the bidding period closes, you will be formally assigned 2-5 papers to review. We ask you to promptly skim your papers to ensure:

- no violations of required formatting rules (page limits, margins, etc)
- no violations of anonymity (author names, institution names, github links, etc)
- that you have sufficient expertise to review the paper

If you feel that you cannot offer an informed opinion about the quality of the paper due to expertise mismatch, please write to your assigned Area Chair on OpenReview. Area Chairs will do their best to ensure that each submission has the most competent reviewers available in the pool.

### <a name="reviewing"></a>Reviewing

You will be asked to complete thoughtful, constructive reviews for all assigned papers. Please ensure that your reviews are completed before the deadline, and sooner if possible. For each paper, you will fill out a form on OpenReview, similar to the form below:

#### Review format

1. Summary of the paper
    - Summarize \*your\* understanding of the paper. Stick to the facts: ideally, the authors should agree with everything written here.
2. Strengths
    - Identify the promising aspects of the work.
3. Weaknesses
    - Every paper that does not meet the bar for publication is the scaffolding upon which a better research idea can be built. If you believe the work is insufficient, help the authors see where they can take their work and how.
    - If you are asking for more experiments, clearly explain **why** and outline what **new** information the experiment might offer.
4. Questions for the authors
    - Communicate what additional information would help you to evaluate the study.
    - Be explicit about how responses your questions might change your score for the paper. Prioritize questions that might lead to big potential score changes.

#### Emergency reviewing

We will likely be seeking emergency reviewers for papers that do not receive all reviews by the deadline. Emergency reviewers will be sent a maximum of 3 papers and will need to write their reviews in a short time frame. Emergency review sign-up will be indicated in the reviewer sign-up form.

#### General advice for preparing reviews

Please strive to be timely, polite, and constructive, submitting reviews that you yourself would be happy to receive as an author. Be sure to review the paper, not the authors. 

When making statements, use phrases like “the paper proposes” rather than “the authors propose”. This makes your review less personal and separates critiques of the submission from critiques of the authors.

##### External resources

If you would like feedback on a review, we recommend asking a mentor or colleague. When doing so, take care not breach confidentiality. Some helpful resources include:

- [Dennett's 4 rules for successful critical feedback](https://www.themarginalian.org/2014/03/28/daniel-dennett-rapoport-rules-criticism/). Especially, you should not give criticism without first acknowledging strengths and what you have learned from the submission.
- A blogpost with [advice for reviewers](https://acl2017.wordpress.com/2017/02/23/last-minute-reviewing-advice/) from ACL 2017
- [Common mistakes of reviewers](https://sites.umiacs.umd.edu/elm/2016/02/01/mistakes-reviewers-make/).
- [Useful advice on structuring reviews](https://mmcdermott.github.io/How-to-PhD/skill_modules/communication#how-do-you-review-papers), collated by Matthew McDermott.

##### Track specific advice for preparing reviews for a CHIL submission

- Track 1: it is acceptable for a paper to use synthetic data to evaluate a proposed method. Not every paper must touch real health data, though all methods should be primarily motivated by health applications and the realism of the synthetic data is fair to critique
- Track 2: the contribution of this track should be either more focused on solving a carefully motivated problem grounded in applications or on deployments or datasets that enable exploration and evaluation of applications
- Track 3: meaningful contributions to this track can include a broader scope of contribution beyond algorithmic development. Innovative and impactful use of existing techniques is encouraged

### <a name="discussion"></a>Discussion

During the discussion period, you will be expected to participate in discussions on OpenReview by reading the authors’ responses and comments from other reviewers, adding additional comments from your perspective, and updating your review accordingly.

We expect brief but thoughtful engagement from all reviewers here. For some papers, this would involve several iterations of feedback-response. A simplistic response of “I have read the authors’ response and I chose to keep my score unchanged” is not sufficient, because it does not provide detailed reasoning about what weaknesses are still salient and why the response is not sufficient. Please engage meaningfully!

Track Chairs will work with reviewers to try to reach a consensus decision about each paper. In the event that consensus is not reached, Track Chairs make final decisions about acceptance.

Commit message:

Add note about automated and manual checks of reviews.

templates/content/call-for-papers-reviewer.md, after:

## <center> Reviewing for CHIL

Reviewing is a critical service in any research community, and we highly respect the expertise and contributions of our reviewers. Every submission deserves thoughtful, constructive feedback that:

1. Selects quality work to be highlighted at CHIL; and
2. Helps authors improve their work, either for CHIL or a future venue.

To deliver high-quality reviews, you are expected to participate in four phases of review: [Bidding](#bidding); [Assignment](#assignment); [Review](#reviewing); [Discussion](#discussion). This guide is here to help you through each of these steps. Your insights and feedback make a big difference in our community and in the field of healthcare and machine learning.

### Timeline

To deliver high-quality reviews, you are expected to participate in the four phases of review:

1. Bidding
	- Skim abstracts
	- Suggest >10 submissions that you feel qualified to review
	- Time commitment: ~1 hour
2. Assignment
	- Skim your assigned papers and immediately report:
		- Major formatting issues
		- Anonymity or Conflict of Interest issues
		- Papers that you are not comfortable reviewing
	- Workload: 2-5 papers per reviewer
	- Time commitment: ~10 minutes per paper
3. Review
	- Deliver a thoughtful, timely review for each assigned paper
	- Workload: 2-5 papers per reviewer
	- Time commitment: ~2-5 hours per paper
4. Discussion
	- Provide comments that respond to author feedback, other reviewers, and chairs
	- Workload: 2-5 papers per reviewer
	- Time commitment: ~1-2 hours per paper

### <a name="bidding"></a>Bidding

After the submission deadline, you will be invited to "bid" for your preferred papers in OpenReview, based on titles and abstracts. Bidding instructions will be provided via email. Please bid promptly and generously!

### <a name="assignment"></a>Assignment

After the bidding period closes, you will be formally assigned 2-5 papers to review. We ask you to promptly skim your papers to ensure:

- no violations of required formatting rules (page limits, margins, etc)
- no violations of anonymity (author names, institution names, github links, etc)
- that you have sufficient expertise to review the paper

If you feel that you cannot offer an informed opinion about the quality of the paper due to expertise mismatch, please write to your assigned Area Chair on OpenReview. Area Chairs will do their best to ensure that each submission has the most competent reviewers available in the pool.

### <a name="reviewing"></a>Reviewing

You will be asked to complete thoughtful, constructive reviews for all assigned papers. Please ensure that your reviews are completed before the deadline, and sooner if possible. For each paper, you will fill out a form on OpenReview, similar to the form below. To help us to ensure consistency and quality, all reviews are subject to internal checks that may be manual or automated.

#### Review format

1. Summary of the paper
    - Summarize \*your\* understanding of the paper. Stick to the facts: ideally, the authors should agree with everything written here.
2. Strengths
    - Identify the promising aspects of the work.
3. Weaknesses
    - Every paper that does not meet the bar for publication is the scaffolding upon which a better research idea can be built. If you believe the work is insufficient, help the authors see where they can take their work and how.
    - If you are asking for more experiments, clearly explain **why** and outline what **new** information the experiment might offer.
4. Questions for the authors
    - Communicate what additional information would help you to evaluate the study.
    - Be explicit about how responses your questions might change your score for the paper. Prioritize questions that might lead to big potential score changes.

#### Emergency reviewing

We will likely be seeking emergency reviewers for papers that do not receive all reviews by the deadline. Emergency reviewers will be sent a maximum of 3 papers and will need to write their reviews in a short time frame. Emergency review sign-up will be indicated in the reviewer sign-up form.

#### General advice for preparing reviews

Please strive to be timely, polite, and constructive, submitting reviews that you yourself would be happy to receive as an author. Be sure to review the paper, not the authors. 

When making statements, use phrases like “the paper proposes” rather than “the authors propose”. This makes your review less personal and separates critiques of the submission from critiques of the authors.

##### External resources

If you would like feedback on a review, we recommend asking a mentor or colleague. When doing so, take care not breach confidentiality. Some helpful resources include:

- [Dennett's 4 rules for successful critical feedback](https://www.themarginalian.org/2014/03/28/daniel-dennett-rapoport-rules-criticism/). Especially, you should not give criticism without first acknowledging strengths and what you have learned from the submission.
- A blogpost with [advice for reviewers](https://acl2017.wordpress.com/2017/02/23/last-minute-reviewing-advice/) from ACL 2017
- [Common mistakes of reviewers](https://sites.umiacs.umd.edu/elm/2016/02/01/mistakes-reviewers-make/).
- [Useful advice on structuring reviews](https://mmcdermott.github.io/How-to-PhD/skill_modules/communication#how-do-you-review-papers), collated by Matthew McDermott.

##### Track specific advice for preparing reviews for a CHIL submission

- Track 1: it is acceptable for a paper to use synthetic data to evaluate a proposed method. Not every paper must touch real health data, though all methods should be primarily motivated by health applications and the realism of the synthetic data is fair to critique
- Track 2: the contribution of this track should be either more focused on solving a carefully motivated problem grounded in applications or on deployments or datasets that enable exploration and evaluation of applications
- Track 3: meaningful contributions to this track can include a broader scope of contribution beyond algorithmic development. Innovative and impactful use of existing techniques is encouraged

### <a name="discussion"></a>Discussion

During the discussion period, you will be expected to participate in discussions on OpenReview by reading the authors’ responses and comments from other reviewers, adding additional comments from your perspective, and updating your review accordingly.

We expect brief but thoughtful engagement from all reviewers here. For some papers, this would involve several iterations of feedback-response. A simplistic response of “I have read the authors’ response and I chose to keep my score unchanged” is not sufficient, because it does not provide detailed reasoning about what weaknesses are still salient and why the response is not sufficient. Please engage meaningfully!

Track Chairs will work with reviewers to try to reach a consensus decision about each paper. In the event that consensus is not reached, Track Chairs make final decisions about acceptance.
