templates/content/index.md, before:

## CHIL 2022

The Conference on Health, Inference, and Learning (CHIL), targets a cross-disciplinary representation of clinicians and researchers (from industry and academia) in machine learning, health policy, causality, fairness, and other related areas.

The conference is designed to spark insight-driven discussions on new and emerging ideas that may lead to collaboration and discussion.

Submissions are due January 14, 2022 (11:59 pm AoE). For more details see the [CFP](/call-for-papers.html).

<center><a class="btn-primary btn-lg" role="button" aria-pressed="true" href="https://openreview.net/group?id=chilconference.org/CHIL/2022/Conference" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Submit your paper</a></center>



<div class="hidden">
### Conference Timeline

<table class="timeline-table table table-striped table-sm">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Call for Papers</th>
      <td>November 25, 2020</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="November 25, 2020"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Submission System Opens</th>
      <td>December 11, 2020</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="December 11, 2020"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Abstract Submissions due</th>
      <td>January 10, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="January 10, 2021"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Paper Submissions due</th>
      <td>January 15, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-01-15T06:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Reviews due</th>
      <td>February 1, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="February 1, 2021"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Author Response begins</th>
      <td>February 4, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="February 4, 2021"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Author Response ends</th>
      <td>February 8, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-02-08T11:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Registration opens</th>
      <td>February 15, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-02-15T23:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Notification of Acceptance</th>
      <td>February 15, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-02-15T23:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Call for volunteers opens</th>
      <td>March 1, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-03-01T23:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Camera Ready due</th>
      <td>March 5, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-03-05T23:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Conference dates</th>
      <td>April 8-9, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-04-08T23:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<div class="text-right">*All times shown above are in AoE</div>
<br />
</div>

### Contact Information

- For questions/comments, email us at [info@chilconference.org](mailto:info@chilconference.org)
- For announcements, follow us on Twitter [@CHILconference](https://twitter.com/chilconference)

Commit message:

New effective submission deadline Jan 18

templates/content/index.md, after:

## CHIL 2022

The Conference on Health, Inference, and Learning (CHIL), targets a cross-disciplinary representation of clinicians and researchers (from industry and academia) in machine learning, health policy, causality, fairness, and other related areas.

The conference is designed to spark insight-driven discussions on new and emerging ideas that may lead to collaboration and discussion.

Submissions are due January 14, 2022 (11:59 pm AoE), but the submission portal will remain open until **January 18, 2022 (11:59 pm AoE)** for those who would like to make revisions to their submitted work. For more details see the [CFP](/call-for-papers.html).

<center><a class="btn-primary btn-lg" role="button" aria-pressed="true" href="https://openreview.net/group?id=chilconference.org/CHIL/2022/Conference" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Submit your paper</a></center>



<div class="hidden">
### Conference Timeline

<table class="timeline-table table table-striped table-sm">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Call for Papers</th>
      <td>November 25, 2020</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="November 25, 2020"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Submission System Opens</th>
      <td>December 11, 2020</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="December 11, 2020"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Abstract Submissions due</th>
      <td>January 10, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="January 10, 2021"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Paper Submissions due</th>
      <td>January 15, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-01-15T06:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Reviews due</th>
      <td>February 1, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="February 1, 2021"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Author Response begins</th>
      <td>February 4, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="February 4, 2021"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Author Response ends</th>
      <td>February 8, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-02-08T11:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Registration opens</th>
      <td>February 15, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-02-15T23:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Notification of Acceptance</th>
      <td>February 15, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-02-15T23:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Call for volunteers opens</th>
      <td>March 1, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-03-01T23:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Camera Ready due</th>
      <td>March 5, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-03-05T23:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Conference dates</th>
      <td>April 8-9, 2021</td>
      <td class="text-right"><span class="countdown" data-startdate="2021-04-08T23:59:00.00"></span></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<div class="text-right">*All times shown above are in AoE</div>
<br />
</div>

### Contact Information

- For questions/comments, email us at [info@chilconference.org](mailto:info@chilconference.org)
- For announcements, follow us on Twitter [@CHILconference](https://twitter.com/chilconference)
